http://www.flipkart.com/hp-15-af114au-p3c92pa-acj-apu-quad-core-a8-4-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-windows-10-notebook/p/itmeae7xhwzk9auy?pid=COMEAE7XDPMSAMRW&al=VrcVQ8ks7lg3Hwupb3uDScldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEN7yrs5t0ztNfmvL0eXeTLPWq%2FH%2FWEU%2B44%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_1&otracker=from-search
HP 15-af114AU P3C92PA#ACJ APU Quad Core A8 - (4 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Windows 10) Notebook
Liked -* External finishing is good and the laptop feels solid in hand.* Weight is pretty nice for the size. Does not feel very heavy.* A8 with 4GB RAM offers decent performance for day to day work. Light games run well.* Windows 10 was pre-installed which is a great thing as i don't have to go through the hassle of downloading and configuring stuff. In general, making Windows available at this price itself is a positive point of this laptop.* Speakers are good - sufficiently loud and clear for songs and movies. If you are on the table, they sound good. On bed, sound may get blocked. The speakers are on the front bottom part of the laptop which is slightly curved. So, laying the laptop on the table does not cover them.* Touchpad is large and supports gestures. I found the two-finger-scroll very nice to use with web browsing.* Wifi range is good.Could have been better -* Keyboard layout could have been better. I do not like the small arrow keys as the are hard to use. HP has given a num-pad on the right instead of giving bigger keys. I personally prefer bigger keys as it makes it easy to type. But, people who use num-pad may like it.* Screen could have been better. It is not very vibrant. It is sufficiently bright. Viewing angles are not great. For the primary user, it works well. But if you want to show videos or pictures to your friends and family members, they experience some darkness unless if they view it from side angles.* The USB ports were not very smooth to use. It took me a lot of force to insert the usb drives. Hope this improves with regular use.Overall feeling -I am happy with this product performance and quality. The fact that it came with Windows 10 pre-installed is what i really liked.  This may not be the right choice for a gamer but for all users who want a big screen laptop with good performance for office and home use, this is perfect.
Pros:1 TB hard disk at low price.4 GB RAM.Windows 10, Edge and Cortana is simply awesome.Great built, I mean cross brush pattern at back and keybard bulit is too good.and last look up the weight only 2.19 Kg so ultra light..u will not get that much lighter laptop with the same price and specsCons:Speaker at bottom..difficult to hear under the bed.No bag is provided
I ordered this on 15th and got delivery on 22nd I got this at 21k only in BBD. So i think i am very lucky to have This laptop at this price.I used it for two days and found below things.1.When you open the box you will amazed by its look. It is very much stylist.2.Battery backup is very good3.Easy to setup Windows 104.I am new to Windows 10 but i just like it. It is very user friendly.5.I didn’t find heating issue with normal usage(didn't try any game)  Overall you will not find all this things in 30k price range Like it have 1 TB hard disk, 4 GB RAM,AMD A8 processor, windows 10Very attractive look.So don’t think much if you want to buy in 30k range.Thanks flipkart for this amazing product.
Pros : For 27k this is the best you can get.1TB Hard Disk,4GB RAM,Windows 10,and AMD APU A8.Good one. Cons : No backlit keys,Speakers placed at the bottom Other than the above mentioned cons, overall a nice product,
In response to Awijeet's comment, when you buy a RAM, it is always listed as DDR, DDR2, DDR3 etc. Here, the DDR stands for double data rate. So, the RAM sends twice the amount of signals as that of the base clock. So, technically speaking, even though the FSB operates at 800 MHz, the RAM operates at 1600 MHz.A simple google search gave me this answer. Do your research next time before misguiding people.
I received my new notebook within 2 days of ordering. The package was well protected and safely packaged. The lappy took about 45-50 minutes for the intial setup.Pros:1. Win10 offers smooth experience2. looks premium with its cross brush design. 3. 1 TB space for the stuff I use regularly.4. the lappy feels cool even after continuous usage of 7-8 hours.5. Though it is 4 cell battery but offers 4-5 hours continuous browsing over wifiCons:1. The screen could have been better.Overall a go for it product.
I purchased this laptop at Rs. 25690.I must say first of all that i was impressed by its body build when i first opened this laptop.The touch paid quality is also good.The performance of the laptop is also upto the mark. I think anybody can buy, it will satisfy everybody's needs.Only cons I say is the speakers are placed at bottom.and please remember that you people have to buy laptop bag separately, it comes for around 500-550.
I have brought this laptop as a standby/ home use.this is a flipkart exclusive item (TRUE: i have tried to search similar configuration on other sites, but couldn't found any, that too in this range)mostly i watch movies, surf the web, use laptop at home for minor works limited to mails/online shopping/Word/Excel/PPT.for my use, this is the best available laptop.its slim, yet powerful.i have seen reviews saying that speaker volume is problem, but i did't felt it.in fact i found the sound through inbuilt speakers better then my previous laptop.Keyboard is very good.screen is excellent.speakers are good.track-pad is very responsive.No problem with Wifi setup & Usage.usability wise, its a super value for money product.I wouldn't write about its specifications, as the same is already mentioned in the product description.I recommend it to each & every person with average to normal day to day usage.thank you Flipkart & HP.
I have purchased this laptop on 22/09/2015. It was delivered to me on 25/9/2015 and I have been using this ever since. Observations:Pros:Performance is OK for basic office applications, I am even running another OS inside vmware and it runs very smoothly.Build quality is good.No heating issues encountered in normal usage (No gaming).Additional software from cyberlink is pre-installed along with some other bloatware.Excellent after sale service by HPCons:No VGA portHP Support assistant shows this product is no longer serviced by HP when I check support options. I called them in this regard and they told me that is not true, this laptop is supported by them & I can get extended warranty if required.Display brightness ok, but too much glare.Only 1 usb 3.0 portNo laptop bag
superb build quality..works like a charm..fast delivery..intel is well known brand but u can not under evaluate amd processor. its just new to market. so they r cheaper. amd is better for gaming also. in my opinion quadcore is much better than getting intel i3 at higher cost. I used both n trust me u will not find any difference in using them.everything is good. but when I saw my laptop configuration and compared with online product configuration...the difference is RAMoriginally hp is giving 4gb ddr3 1600Mhz ramI got 4gb Hynix 800Mhz ram...1600 is much fater than 800 and also costlier
http://www.flipkart.com/lenovo-g50-80-g-series-80e5039eih-core-i3-5th-gen-4-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-free-dos-notebook/p/itmeff7mz8zsz6av?pid=COMEFF7MSBFJTAWQ&al=VrcVQ8ks7lg3Hwupb3uDScldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEN88Fj49Z2Oc%2FFG5qKca8EJq5aYpJ%2BsD8Y%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_2&otracker=from-search
Lenovo G50-80 G Series G50-80 80E5039EIH Core i3 (5th Gen) - (4 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Free DOS) Notebook
I bought this laptop with offers 1500 off + 1750 (SBI 10% offer) off at INR 23239 and main advantage WR Retail. So I found this laptop as a good deal. ;)
quality is better at this price compared with other laptops and sound quality is good..and i think better laptop for 25k
Can I get a quotation for this laptop, so that I can apply for a loan claim at my office. Kindly do it ASAP
I am very much impressed with the product and i got 3years total warrant(2yrs extended in 549rs offered by Lenovo) and also i got this product in next day delivery without any extra amount.Thanks flipkart
This laptop is just amazing.Build quality is really good alongwith hardware specs at this price range. Also 2 years extended warranty is helps a lot.
http://www.flipkart.com/hp-ac184tu-ac-series-t0x61pa-intel-core-i3-5th-gen-4-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-free-dos-128-mb-graphics-notebook/p/itmecfmt7wyeumbc?pid=COMECFMT9VYMAPQ7&al=VrcVQ8ks7lg3Hwupb3uDScldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEPRhgJOx%2FdUHfg3OERaQgCr4cWddzAPe%2Bc%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_3&otracker=from-search
HP AC184TU AC SERIES AC184TU T0X61PA Intel Core i3 (5th Gen) - (4 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Free DOS/128 MB Graphics) Notebook
Writing after using for a Week NowPros:Good displayLight weightGood Battery Back UpNo Heating IssueCons:Installing drivers is a real headache.Windows 7 no wireless drivers get installed so was not able to use windows7Had to install windows 10 which is working perfectly fine.Again no drivers available for windows 8.Would have been better if drivers CD would have been included.Overall good laptop value for money. Would have given 5 but with the drivers issue giving only 4.
This product is more than average but configuration is more than its price. Usual problems(can be notice 9 out of 10):* CPU fan noise*Heating problems*Loose battery*Loose display bezel*Low battery backup*Very low sound*HDD SoundAnd the most important thing I got to know from a HP Service engineer about Flipkart associated seller that, they are selling the products which they use for demo in their showrooms, and the products are equal to second hand products. People who are buying products from flipkart can check their warranty onsite. They can easily know that how they are compromising warranty and quality by buying electronics from flipkart
Graphic issue, noise issue, heating issue ,sometime sound issue also coming...:( so bad yarrr....
cheap and best for 24000 during bigapp sales........every thing is good......No problem with drivers.......
i been using this laptop from the last 1 month. this laptop has very poor sound quality and battery backup.....while using this laptop, i have seen very delay in response while opening any apps or  videos....not good for gaming purpose ...i would rate this laptop below average as it also does not support 1080p videos....u will b able to play 1080p videos but u'll get some distubance.....
First of all,when i saw the product colour in images displayed here, i thought that it will not be looking good..i only bought only because of configuration..But later on when i received the product it was not ugly but looking gud.The battery backup was just awesome.speakers volume was low, except with vlc player u cant listen to audioperformance was as good as mentioned.Flipkart order delivery system was jst awesome..only thing is we want to buy laptop bag seperately.overall within this rangebound u can surely go for itTHANK YOU FLIPKART
Nice laptop with good battery power up to 4 hours no problem for normal users
i hav purchase  HP AC184TU AC SERIES AC184TU T0X61PA. but i think dis is d worst product and service of flipkart...they r making jerk for dis product to all youplease dnt purchase dis
Used it for almost 3+ months, no issues so far, awesome deal. warranty was showing incorrect which got corrected after calling hp helpline, provided flipkart invoice & they changed the warranty
product is ok but drivers cd does not included in the sales package so its difficult to find out drivers on internet.
http://www.flipkart.com/lenovo-ideapad-100-14ibd-80rk002uih-core-i3-5th-gen-4-gb-ddr3-500-hdd-windows-10-notebook/p/itmefqk9hf98zmgz?pid=COMEFQK9PPTWZVNJ&al=VrcVQ8ks7lg3Hwupb3uDScldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEMw%2BN%2FjkKRhQgo9jJ9LA5Nz1JTCNlH7C4Y%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_4&otracker=from-search
Lenovo IdeaPad 100-14IBD 80RK002UIH Core i3 (5th Gen) - (4 GB DDR3/500 GB HDD/Windows 10) Notebook
Nice 14 inch laptop, compact lightweight (relatively speaking), reasonably good screen and good build.. display bends 180 degrees which is useful.. nice keyboard, compact adapter..preloaded with windows 10 so you get a good operating system.. nice price, prompt delivery from flipkart
Pros:* Configuration is good for the price* Value for money* Received Lenova laptop bag with the product. Very Happy.* Charger design is quite good.Cons: * Space between Pen drive port is very less. Cannot insert two devices into the port simultaneously.* Need more no of ports, on the right of the laptop.* Minor heating up on the pad where we keep our hands.* Charger wire could have been more lengthier.* No VGA wire port* Nor sure about readability of  SD card.
This is a great laptop for those who look for i3. It is very slim and the finish is much better than most laptops. For the features it has a great price.  Flipkart delivered this in a day. I am very happy with the product.
Laptop is good. Plastic is not very strong though. I got this lappy for 24k along with Win10 pre installed. so, I am satisfied with the price. It weighs less and easy to carry over the palm. Boots very quick. Battery back up is ok . lasts for 3 hrs after full charge. may be less than that but not more than 3 hrs.main problem is with the OS I am facing. Win10 is very slow on the laptop and there are issues with Microsoft Store. Apps are not good in the store and no way we can compare with Android apps we use in the phone. Microsoft Apps are useless. In fact I prefer using the browser rather than installing Apps.We do not know whom to contact with the software issues. Definitely , Flipkart will not help. Lenovo also will not help as it is not hardware problem. So, finally I am working with Microsoft people for every problem but they are not very knowledgeable. May be Win8 is better....
This is my second Lenovo laptop. I am very impressed with the built and finish of this laptop. At this price, it is the best laptop you can buy at this range. 5 stars to Flipkart for the service
The laptop is good in terms of configuration, specs and build quality but don't rely on the images shown on the flipkart website! The keyboard doesn't have a number pad as shown in the pics. One of the reasons I bought this laptop was because it had those additional keys which makes number crunching easier but apart from that I don't have any complaints.
This Lenovo IdeaPad is awesome.1> Looks great.2> Perfect for travel.3> Value for money.Got delivery within 48 hrs.
The built quality of the Laptop is very bad there is only one speaker so the audia is also very bad & so do the trackpad.....plz don't  buy
Value of Money!, Best laptop in this price range.Pros- 1- Processor, OS, RAM2- Size, Weight, Keyboard.Cons-1- Flipkart tricks in offers (Initially they said Peace of mind is included in Price but I had to pay).2- USB Ports3- Speaker Sound (Overall Sound Quality).
Everything is fine and good from design to built and performance. Great deal with best priceFinishing which comes with Black texture is very impressive.I loved this product, Would suggest to buy this product.
http://www.flipkart.com/hp-15-ac123tx-n8m28pa-core-i5-5th-gen-4-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-windows-10-2-graphics-notebook/p/itmeaz94ppsxf3t8?pid=COMEAZ94GT9UZYGG&al=VrcVQ8ks7lg3Hwupb3uDScldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEPy47XkxdEHtdrTylhJedGeWxXDJORvmf8%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_5&otracker=from-search
HP 15-ac123tx N8M28PA Core i5 (5th Gen) - (4 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Windows 10/2 GB Graphics) Notebook
External finishing is good and the laptop feels solid in hand.* Weight is pretty nice for the size. Does not feel very heavy.* i5 with 4GB RAM offers decent performance for day to day work. heavy games run well.* Windows 10 was pre-installed which is a great thing as i don't have to go through the hassle of downloading and configuring stuff. In general, making Windows available at this price itself is a positive point of this laptop.* Speakers are good - sufficiently loud and clear for songs and movies. If you are on the table, they sound good. On bed, sound may get blocked. The speakers are on the front bottom part of the laptop which is slightly curved. So, laying the laptop on the table does not cover them.* Touchpad is large and supports gestures. I found the two-finger-scroll very nice to use with web browsing.* Wifi range is good.
Fast delivery... Good performance.. Bt flipkart not give any gift with it ..if we buy this product in shop the give bag and  many accessories ...
LooksThe laptop isn't that eye-catching, but the design grows on you. The finishing is quite good. The keyboard is okayish and the touch-pad could have been a bit better. But for the price its offered, you can't complain.PerformanceAwesome. I am not much of a gamer, but a developer. The android emulators and the tools that I use is lightning fast in the laptop. And yeah, there is no heating issue. I have used the laptop with multiple performance hungry SDKs and haven't noticed much of an issue with the heat. It does warm up ,but not to the extent that you can't keep it in your lap.BatteryDecent battery backup. DeliveryThe package was carefully packed, reached me safe and secure. Nice experienceVerdictWith the performance that it offers, that too with free Windows 10 , at a price tag below 40K, I don't think there is any other laptop from a reputable brand that could beat the specifications offered by this beastie :) Go for it with your eyes closed. Its awesome.
i wil give 0 ut of 0 i am very happy to buy this product it is awesome product donot miss the chance  i found this product at 38000 while its price at hp showroom was 44700 . it work very smooth and its speaker is also good but one thing is wrong that seller dont give laptop acessories as hp showroom give like screen gaurd keygaurd protector mouse etc but overall it is awesome product at this range.ITS colour is aiso good its keyboard is awesome and thnks to seller who deliverd at limited period of time. it give good battery backup
Online merchant's are very smart now a days. What I felt bad about this laptop is they have mentioned only the components or accessories which are branded.for eg: manufacturer is HP, Graphics is AMD.but customer cannot find the brand of RAM or HDD.We just see the capacity and buy.RAM provided in this laptop is from Hyundai Electronics which I haven't heard of and HDD is from Toshiba whereas I expected from seagate.Please be very careful before purchasing goods online that too one should pay attention to electronic goods.Apart from this I loved the laptop. It is worth buying for lower cost.Other thing is this laptop is running on Windows 10 OS which has little snag. It reduces the end user experience in the beginning. I found many problems initially and then googled for solution and fixed few of the issues. However Windows 10 is very intuitive and fun using it!!!
Prima-Facie , This Notebook  cost & configuration can be really termed as generating, ' Japanese Quality at Chinese Cost in Indian Condition, just Got it on 23 Jan , its real value for money and above all you can earn peace of mind for not compromising on your wish list for high tags. Flipkart delivered it promptly in 4 days, with safe and secure packing. the product though not full hd displays nice clarity and resolution. from personal to professional use to game freaks it serves all purpose. Though, there is issue with windows office, for which you have to register and download  and purchase in absence of product key- which is even not provided by hp center. there is great room for improvisation, on design and display front, but with performance and  technology it excels all its competitors. its still unexplored gem......rest is all fine  & satisfying till date. Good Serve Flipkart!
excellent lap.loving it.no probs till date.gr8 configurations.dont understand why it isnt well known out there...
The product is nice. but there is some sound while running. The lights are going late after switching off. I can't connect to projector due to unavailability of VGA ports.But it is working nicely. The purchase from flip kart was also a good experience. Delivery was very fast.
This is a budget core i5 laptop with Win10 for multimedia usage, and it delivers!!The build is sturdy and feels solid. It is quite light as well. The design is generic HP, the turbo silver diamond finish looks nice but nothing spectacular.The 15" screen is bright and the colour contrast is also good.The keyboard is okay with the whole numeric keypad and the track pad could have been better, but there are the two mouse buttons which help.The 5th gen i5 processor with 4GB RAM is more than enough for day to day activities. I didn't notice any slowing down or lag while using multiple applications. There is an extra memory slot, so the RAM can be easily expandable to 4 GB more.Gaming on this laptop is great!! I played Far Cry 4 on ULTRA settings, FALLOUT 4 on MEDIUM settings and it ran smoothly. But while playing FIFA 15, after 5 mins, it started to lag, due to heating; so I would recommend a cooling pad while gaming.The speakers are at the front bottom, so the laptop needs to be on a table to unleash its full potential; on a bed the speakers can get muffled. The mic is a bit weak to my liking. The HD webcam is good though.The battery backup is decent but the charging is very fast.It comes with Windows 10 pre installed, so there is no hassle in installing and updating the drivers(hp.com). There are also a bunch of pre installed software, most of which you wont even use.Finally, kudos to Flipkart!! I got this one at 40k from WS Retail and opted for free in-a-day delivery. The package was delivered to my doorstep within 24 hrs!! The packaging was good and they even included an HP branded bag! I didnt have any problem registering my product on HP official website for 1 yr accidental damage protection.5th Gen i5 processor with 4GB RAM, 1TB HD, 2GB AMD Radeon Graphic card AND Win 10; all this for around 40k. I say that's a great deal..
Good product and extremely safe packing . Only problem with the product is the brightness button it's not working otherwise a quality product with in affordable price
http://www.flipkart.com/hp-15-ac170tu-p6l83pa-acj-core-i3-5th-gen-4-gb-ddr3-500-hdd-free-dos-notebook/p/itmebbdzhc3npfhg?pid=COMEBBDZUTTFJ78F&al=VrcVQ8ks7lg3Hwupb3uDScldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEMkQT%2BGnwV9%2FQw37CzdKqKMLLLvhttzbIU%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_6&otracker=from-search
HP 15-ac170tu P6L83PA#ACJ Core i3 (5th Gen) - (4 GB DDR3/500 GB HDD/Free DOS) Notebook
1. Does not come with drivers.2. Ubuntu 14 does not install easily.3. As advertised warranty upgrade package costs 2999 and not 1999 as it is not pre installed with windows. IGNORANCE OF CUSTOMERS IS BLISS for sellers who do not go through hp website.4. Plain jane computer with average build quality, already squeaks at areas.
If any one want drivers for this laptop contact me.....I've all drivers which is supported to this laptopgood product in average budget
I got this lap Rs.22237 from flipkat and thanks to filpkart very nice packing. I am using laptop last 10 days with windows7 OS. I have searched the driver online, but not available,  then I have drivers package and installed. it is working fine and very fast. It is worth of money and looking also very nice. if any body searching or have budget is less than Rs 25500 blindly go this one.
I was about to click click buy but thought of checking drivers first and was disappointed to see there ain't any drivers for windows 8 and windows 8.1 operating system, though drivers fir windows 7 and windows 10 are there. those who like either of these 2 OS can go for it.it is the best i3-5th generation laptop under 24k.but I personally prefer windows 8.1, lacking of it's driver came out as a deal breaker for me :|
Awesome configuration at such price . I purchased this laptop at 24k and I am using it for 3 months . Good battery backup , slim design , good sound quality some problem with drivers but can be resolved easily .Worth buying this laptop at this price.for drivers one can dowlonad and use driver booster . it will automatically install all missing drivers.
I got in 22k.laptop works so fast. but one this always remember hp custome care so bad. I have installed windows 10, everything workd fine. one problem is laptop's looking is not gorgeous.actully I want give it 4.5, but if you see the price it is the best.
good for light user but head ache in starting due to drivers installation if have drivers than it is best one in its range and had very good looking also
I have purchased this and got within time,after i purchased the laptop is hitting more and i made for flipkart to return but they cant and send at my home hp person. the Hp person open the laptop and put some liquid in fan so now its not hitting and i install HP cool sense so now working good.Prbm:HittingSpeaker quality is not goodscreen resolution averagebest:light weightless priceOverall average.
No driver is working properly for this particular model.And very poor support of HP and their service center.
Awesome product by hp. Just loved it , it is very slim and light weight. No lagging, battery backup is also good, all the drivers of windows 10 is available on hp site . people are searching drivers for win 8 , i will ask one thing why 8 why not 10? If you will search for lenevo or dell they are giving cheaper facility in this price range. Finally... Just go for it .it is much better lappy in this budget.
http://www.flipkart.com/lenovo-g50-g-series-y700-15isk-80e3020bih-apu-quad-core-a8-6th-gen-4-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-windows-10-notebook/p/itmefggpvhxm5wzt?pid=COMEFGGPGSQRMSY3&al=VrcVQ8ks7lg3Hwupb3uDScldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEPFx40k%2Fvi8TCf5fcQVGrdBfmYsaOLhdKU%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_7&otracker=from-search
Lenovo G50 G Series Y700-15ISK 80E3020BIH Apu Quad Core A8(6th Gen) - (4 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Windows 10) Notebook
I got this laptop and it works fine it has all the features mentioned at this price worth money.Graphics card is fast just need to install more ram depending on the need.
it works very smooth.no heating,processor works gudram and hd is amazing..wil nt get such a product in this range
I was initially apprehensive about the AMD processor (vis-a-vis Intel). But there's absolutely no difference when used for everyday office work (excel, multi-tab chrome browsing and the like). Overall quite happy.
Bought for 22k in first week of march 2016.What i liked !!Looks are stunning as are similar for all lenovo laptops.Matte finish adds glow to the charm.keys are good, backlight keyboard is a good miss.Windows 10 at this price range is a cherry on cake.4 gb ram is working fine, expendable slot is a good option in case of need.Screen is bright and cleardolby speakers are great.normal usage gives battery backup of 3-4 hours, energy saver mode gives 1-2 hours extra depending on use.What i did not likeI felt it takes good amount of time to start, processor is slow as compared to intel i felt.it takes hell lot of time to charge fully 2.5 - 3 hours.it boasts of accurate keyboard which works fine, but it is little delicate in center.Overall 4 stars, because i am an old macbook user and still i am finding lesser cons. And this is quite satisfactory in such price range. Macbook is a beauty with just 1 hour full charge and 10-12 hours battery backup.... Rest cant match such perfection.
Was little skeptic about the processor but it works fine..On par with i5..Nice graphics and sound..Good for daily use..The best you can get in 23-24k..
Ok ok productBought on 10 April,had some issuesIf you want to watch movies,display not good.If browsing,office work,palmrest heat,and battery backup poor.Not that fast and as expected.AC adapther overheatingTouchpad and area on right side of touchpad overheats,feel uncomfortable because it's Palmrest area.Display not good at all,it shows colour banding and dithering even while playing 720 p /1080 p video,also when wallpaper/pictures of dark colours.Battery backup poor 2-2.5 hourEven though price is good,25 k,get bag,but didn't like product due to above issues.Returned product,flipkart took some time but in the end swiftly arranged return and refunded amount.
keyboard and touchpad is not that smooth but value for money. next day delivery, laptop bag free, accidental damage protection, 5% cashback, got it for 23740/-.
After removing McAfee, it boots up fast....One thing to remember...its a huge laptop provided with full key board with proper gaps for convenience of typing...
http://www.flipkart.com/dell-inspiron-15-3541-3541a64500ibu-apu-quad-core-a6-4-gb-ddr3-500-hdd-ubuntu-notebook/p/itmeatzfmy6ydtyt?pid=COMEATZFX9QYGZKY&al=VrcVQ8ks7lg3Hwupb3uDScldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEMA99D%2BTaAwtVj3Png4RpQL5jcnG1ucjc0%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_8&otracker=from-search
Dell Inspiron 15 3541 3541A64500iBU APU Quad Core A6 - (4 GB DDR3/500 GB HDD/Ubuntu) Notebook
Laptop performance is good. Battery chargine time is too long back up too short. Seller is a cheat,  after receiving my laptop i tried to register for warrenty in dell wedsite imagine my surprise when i found out it was registered already in december 2015. Now i raised a complaint with flipkart regarding this.
It comes with Ubuntu OS i.e linux. The keyboard is nice and  there is a led back-lit for caps lock but no led for num lock. The display is clean and the color output is decent. Although I am not happy with its audio output. The sound is a bit low, but using a headphone is recommended. The processor is AMD A6 clocked at 2.4 Ghz and R4 graphics card. It runs crysis 3 like a champ. so similar games like battlefield, Dota 2 Reborn, Need for speed Run, Call of Duty MW3 will run smoothly. Overall Its a champ, Do Boot it to windows 10 and download the video driver from the dell website using the service tag number mentioned below the laptop. The DVD reader is a big concern because its clickey and not up-to the mark in terms of build quality. The battery backup is nice. Even after watching a 2hr movie and casual gaming it gave me a battery life of 3 and a half hours which is way too much if you look at the price tag.If you are on a tight budget, I would definitely recommend you to go for it.
Dear Team, thanks for this offer, its very nice actually.But i have some problems1 Sound is not clear2 Mouse pointer is not working properly3 In the product view there is led screen But it is LCD. remaing every thing is good
Giving four star, because it has single RAM slot. So careful while buying this product, if you have a plan upgrading RAM from 4GB to 8GB. You need to throw or sell 4GB RAM which comes with this product...
Excellent Laptop in this price. Only problem is getting driver software from Dell. AMD supported drivers are not available in Dell support site.Please check while receiving the laptop buyer is not good as I found the laptop came without HDD first time.
Best product..value for the money...Great performance and nice graphics..Pls continue with Ubuntu as it is so safe and user friendly....
Got this product at a great discount, thanks to Flipkart! You simply can't get a better deal anywhere else!When it was delivered, I found that it was a defective product. The defective product was exchanged within 5 days! Full marks to the customer care. Quick and prompt response and technical solution at Flipkart... wow! Just Geart! Impresed I am, I must say!
Flipkart offer free InAday delivery for free which was awesome**just one issue i found warranty in not 1 year when i registered my product in dell website its says warranty till sept 2016 so i called flipkart they said this issue will be solved with in 10 days am satisfied bcz there are 30days replacement present No comes to product and performance i bought this for my office work and its supper fast just install windows 10 and download all the driver from dell website and u are ready to go...battery decent over 4-4:30 hrs back up but the charging time too high 6-7hrs 20%to 100%Display better than lenovo laptops but speakers are too bad ...Its simply not for multimedia use ...
100% original product.processor is good.Stay blank mind while ordering this.It comes with APU graphics.outstanding looks n perfrmance.It worth ur mny
Good product at low budget . go for it . design is good . fast . but you have to install windows os . download drivers from its website .
http://www.flipkart.com/hp-15-ac178tx-t0z57pa-acj-intel-core-i5-6th-gen-8-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-windows-10-2-graphics-notebook/p/itmeeffdgezkkzca?pid=COMEEFFDQ7QCRXQQ&al=VrcVQ8ks7liLGE%2FBfZyDfcldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEMdcPIYky6h%2FYMurMSHCrdcZmpWtML3Cb4%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_9&otracker=from-search
HP 15-AC178TX T0Z57PA#ACJ Intel Core i5 (6th Gen) - (8 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Windows 10/2 GB Graphics) Notebook
The specifications of laptop are:Windows 10 (64-bit) Home8GB RAM SDRAMIntel Core i5 (6th gen) - ~2.4GHz (quad core) with turbo boost upto 2.8GHz.Intel HD Graphics 520 (4GB total) - found from dxdiagAMD Radeon Graphics M330 (6GB total) - found from dxdiagAwesome Keyboard and touchpad.Amazing battery life of 5.4 hours (after 2 cycles of charging and discharging)1xUSB3.0 and 2xUSB 2.0Display Resolution is1366x768 (Max.) The following games have been played by me continuously for 6 hours and I was amazed to see that the laptop does not get hot at all and no fan noise.The games are running very very very very very very very very very very smoothly in ultra mode.Battlefield 4, Max Payne3, COD Advance Warfare, Assassin's creed Unity and Assassin's Creed syndicate, Watchdogs, Tom Clancy's Rainbow etc.Ultimately this is an awesome laptop.I got this laptop in 18 hours from flipkart. It had very good packing from WS Retail. I bought it at a price of 46990/-.Thanks a lot flipkart. Thank you HP for providing this ultimate and fabulous laptop. I would like to rate this laptop 10 out of 5 because at such a cheap price no where a 6th generation processor is available.
Received the laptop on 24th January 2016. One day delivery. Super product from HP. Very good condition and nice looking. Colour turbo grey and diamond finish. This model is 6th gen&icore5 very low price available in flipkart only. Thanks Flipkart.
Great shopping and shipping experience from Flipkart once again.This is first day review on based on delivery and first hands on of this laptop. This laptop maybe not the same as shown in the pic shown here but its far more better than that.. turbo silver color with diamond pattern gives laptop a rich feel.This laptop comes with the windows 10 inbuilt and it runs pretty smooth over all
very good looking laptop in turbo silver colour very different from the laptop shown here on the website. configuration is good but fan is making unusual noise. I got this laptop at 45490 INR. flipkart if u don't have silver colour model the don't show silver colour model. I think the model shown in the pic is of some other model of hp laptop
Got it at  Rs 43740 worth the price,using it for two days now,rather it is better to say making this laptop usable for last two days,what i am doing charging and discharging battary completely 100 % to lessthan 10%,I have done it four times in two days and found it gives average of 3.5 hours on batterydownloaded gadgets for windows 10 so watched that it was running with cpu 35 % on average and ram with 50%  average usage,  with tasks running in backgroundfirst loading windows 10 itself.1. Dropbox sync 8 Gb2. one drive sync 3 Gb3. google photos sync uploading.4. transferring 250 Gb  data from external hard disk.5 downloading  various software's from net. so it has a good battery backup as promised with 6th gen processors from previous 5 gen processors.        for me it is a good laptop with all modern and latest technology available today at the price i have paid. no gaming i hav done so please search and find out. overall bang for the buck go for it.will update if i find any con till now working as expected. a good laborious partner.
Great laptop with great specifications. One thing it lacks is that there is no notification light on power button and airplane mode button. Except this everything is good. And like everytime great delivery by flipkart.
As usual, deliveries by WS Retail are prompt.About the machine:It is an absolute beast in this price range and feels light too. If anyone faces any issues just do an update using HP support application.
Firstly thanks to flipkart for on time delivery but the packaging was poorNow coming to laptop there are a lot of pros which can be seen in specification like 6th gen processor and what I loved is its sleek and light weighted .Few minor cons are--trackpad is not at the center but slightly toward the left which is inconvenient-there is no light in front to show that system is on or off-the display driver was not good which is creating a bit problem(can be resolved by updating it)-a slight sound from the back of laptop sometimes i dont know what it is-battery life is ok not that good-lastly sound is ok ok
scratchless, nice in look, many features within this range .....i thinks its best in this range in present time. after lot of comparision i selected this product and after working with this laptop i m happy upon my selection........
As pointed out by many others, there is a little noise from the hard disk which is not getting resolved. HP is not updating the warranty promised by Flipkart.
http://www.flipkart.com/hp-15-ac169tu-p6l81pa-acj-pentium-dual-core-4-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-free-dos-notebook/p/itmef372zfzzkcfx?pid=COMEF372BH2EP9NH&al=VrcVQ8ks7liLGE%2FBfZyDfcldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEObUi6GZSerrAm7PSJx6wH0Oift%2BHA38Ao%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_10&otracker=from-search
HP 15-ac169TU P6L81PA#ACJ Pentium Dual Core - (4 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Free DOS) Notebook
This is my second laptop via flipkart. As usual ,Flipkart's delivery was awesome -on time  & good packaging.HP 15-ac169TU P6L81PA#ACJ  - is worth the money . 1TB HDD and 4GB DDR3 for the cost. Overall a very good product . I am rating 4 as the laptop is a bit  heavy to carry.
I got this laptop for only Rs.18239 availing the SBI card offer. This laptop is the best one if ur budget is under 20k, and I will mention the pros and cons.pros-Design: The best built and designed laptop under 20k. Many have complained about its build quality, but if u compare with similar lenovo,dell,asus or acer, it stands out.Processor: The pentium 3825u is a 5th gen processor which is similar to 4th gen i3 processors except the graphics department. My previous i3 laptop had a cpumark score of 2400 and this one having a score of 2700!Display: The display is the brightest in this price categoryBattery: battery backup is 5 hours for normal office works, which is good for a 15.6" laptopkeyboard: The keyboard is full sized and needs very little pressurewebcam: The webcam is superb. you will not find better in this category.ports: the laptop is having all the ports except vga, which can be solved by using a hdmi to vga cable. It is also having dvd writer that many laptops are missing(though not necessary, but still good to have)Weight & dimensions: the laptop weight is moderate around 2.2kg and the size of this hp laptop is smaller than similar dell or lenovo laptops.cons:no significant cons, only thing is that this particular series of laptops are having very less air ventilation, though the laptop does not get heated, but they should have made more vents.allover the best budget laptop under 20k. Highly recommended.
Got this for 19K. Serves the purpose of basic computing. Drivers were easy to find. Installed Win 7 Ultimate OS and works smoothly. The build quality is a bit on the lower side with the usage cheap plastics. The outer finish feels premium. Good Battery Backup. Go for it if your budget is under 25K
http://www.flipkart.com/lenovo-g50-80-80e5038pin-intel-core-i5-5th-gen-8-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-windows-10-2-graphics-notebook/p/itmebh7v5c2fsjby?pid=COMEBH7VFP2HFXGU&al=VrcVQ8ks7liLGE%2FBfZyDfcldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcENrBd4C6qBVbUS5ZGcfdoQGJdHm8ssXnDA%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_11&otracker=from-search
Lenovo G50-80 80E5038PIN Intel Core i5 (5th Gen) - (8 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Windows 10/2 GB Graphics) Notebook
I purchased this laptop during big billion days and received on 22nd Oct 2015.So far the laptop looks good.Some of pro's with this laptop:1. Windows 10 genuine version2. 8 gb ram and 2gb AMD graphics + Intel HD graphics3. Till now very good battery performance, lasting for more than 4 hours with ease What I didn't liked about this laptop:1. Lenovo's bloated start menu, also many unwanted apps,2. Sometimes the touchpad freezes, this seems to be a driver issue3. Laptop's build quality feels cheap 4. The edges below the touchpad are not very smooth or curvy, if you type a lot on your laptop than this might not be good for you.
I m writing the review of this laptop after 2 month of usage and also taking various other considerations. Flipkart took me by surprise by delivering this Laptop within 5 days even during the rush during this festive season. I got extra offer - http://chota.kr/xpnJi  Talking about this laptop, it is one of the first few models that comes with Windows 10 Home edition preinstalled in it. So, unlike its predecessors which came with free DOS, this one has a genuine and original version of windows installed in it, that too the latest one Windows 10. And the laptop is very well configured before it is delivered to you. ****Technical Specs***When it comes to technical specification, this laptop has everything that an user wishes for. This laptop is powered by the latest Intel core i5, 5th generation and offers a blazing processing speed and a great working experience. It is well complimented by 1TB Hard Disk Space, 4GB DDR3 RAM, Bluetooth 4.0, Wifi 802.11b/g/n, and a DVD drive which is rare in laptops these days. And it is commendable to have a DVD drive in a machine so thin and sleek. ****Keyboard and Touchpad*****Featuring a modern look and feel, the acclaimed AccuType keyboard has island-style, ergonomic keys that allow a more fluid, spacious, comfortable, and accurate typing experience than standard keyboard designs.Touchpad is optimized for Windows 10 features, this touchpad lets you toggle charms and apps, switch between apps, rotate, zoom, and use other functions with various easy swipes and gestures. *****Display and sound*****15.6 inches of screen offers everything that is required for a great display experience. Moreover, it is powered by AMD Radeon graphics card with 2GB of R5 M330 graphics memory which serves as icing on the cake. Sound quality is pretty good. Integrated webcam offers 720p HD video recording. The device also comes with FAST DATA TRANSFER, BATTERY SAVING TECHNOLOGY, ONE TOUCH RECOVERY functions which means you are all set to own a machine that will take care of itself.
Many laptops have boasting specs and will not live up to the expectations. This doesn't fall into that category. I got it at a low price on Big Billion days. It was delivered in 5 days and as usual the packing from WS retail was awesome.Pros:- Low cost- Dolby audio- Good battery backup. I am getting more than 4 hours of battery even if I use Wi-Fi continuously- Built-in Windows 10- No heat issues, even while playing games or running high end VM's (like CDH quickstart) it didn't generate much heat- 1 TB HDDCons:- Lots of bloatware from Lenovo- No Backlit keyboard- Not so great build qualityOverall its a great buy for daily use and high level gaming. I would rate it 4.5 if there was a possibility
Everything is fine in this laptop except display.Display is not crisp and pixels are clearly visible from naked eye.Color reproduction is also bad.Remaining specs are good in this price range. An advise to lenovo... Please do not put your bloatware in the laptops.
Cons:- Display is bad,can see pixels with naked eye.- Laptop body is very delicate,need to handle carefully.- Had bad experience with Lenovo customer care.They are not able to help even small       technical quires about you laptop on phone,asked me to visit nearest lenovo service centre.- Lot of unwanted apps have been preinstalled.- Touchpad freezes frequently.Pros:No heating issue.Hardware specifications are good at this price.
Received this product within two days as Flipkart is too fast on that but Product is utterly disappointing. Display quality is really poor as HD movies and Bluerays showing pixels, saturation is too bad. received a product with keypad issue. Main part is the Graphics card which is a old one. so if you need good graphics, quality picture this is not the cherry u r looking at... go for HP or Dell instead.
I bought this laptop in exchange of my old laptop and got 10K discount. The configuration is pretty good in this price range. The overall performance is also good. The only thing I didn't like is the laptop build which looks a bit cheap. And also there are lot of Lenovo bloatwares pre-installed which eventually you have to uninstall. Overall its a decent product if you are not looking for heavy gaming.
I have purchased this product and am not happy with what I have got. The machine is equipped with unauthorized parts which are not supported by BIOS and hence it was not allowing to boot. And gave me an error - " Unauthorized Wireless network card has been plugged in. Please shut down and remove it."Now this leads to a big question on how testing has been performed by the retailer. secondly, credibility of the company and product,
I bought this laptop during the big billion sale, and got a great exchange deal on my old laptop. My observations after a week of usage:Pros:1) 8 GB RAM for Core i5 is great for fast performance2) 2 GB AMD Radeon graphics card is good for light gaming3) Other specs like 1 TB harddisk and original windows 10 are great tooCons:1) Sharp edges of the body make it a bit uncomfortable. But overall fine if working on a desk2) Doesn't come with pre-loaded MS Office. Would require additional spending of 4-5K for that, or you can go for freeware office suites availableAll in all a good deal for the high-end specs.
I purchased this lap top from fliplkart on big billion day. Good packing by e-kart logistics.  .I am using this laptop from one month. it is working in awesome condition, no question about the performance.It easily handles complicated tasks. Good performance of i5 5th gen processor. 5/5It handles high graphics games smoothly. High graphics games like call of duty MW3,Battle field......etc all all run in too good condition.5/5All the laptops have the major disadvantages of heating, But this laptop dose not  get heats up while playing high graphic game also.... The cooling system of the laptop is very very good..5/5Battery life is too good it have 4 cell battery even though it gives me 5-6 hours of back up.battery life is very important. And even charging of battery is also very fast. 5/5Audio clarity and loudness is very nice.good effect. Dolby noise cancellation technology is also very nice. 5/5Data transfer speed is very fast....!!! but it have only one 3.0 port  3/5Build quality is not up to the mark. The outer cover and key board are very thin.3/5ANY ONE PLANING TO BUY THE LAPTOP  GO FOR IT VERY NICE LAPTOP AT REASONABLE PRICE
http://www.flipkart.com/lenovo-g50-45-80e3003qin-apu-dual-core-e1-2-gb-ddr3-500-hdd-free-dos-notebook/p/itme79zkgjvukgyf?pid=COME79ZKVQTMEQCK&al=VrcVQ8ks7liLGE%2FBfZyDfcldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEMLZX2VkXMvlYLWdqVjem7CwErb0c4%2BcF4%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_12&otracker=from-search
Lenovo G50-45 80E3003QIN APU Dual Core E1 - (2 GB DDR3/500 GB HDD/Free DOS) Notebook
ok in this price,processing speed is very slow...........................................................................................
I think it's a very basic one. The battery is very very very weak. I have been using this for almost six months. I haven't purchased from amazon. So had to give away any discount. It's almost draining within 1 Hr of use. Those who want a laptop which works just like a desktop. I mean it has DVD writer. Not many laptops give this option. Big screen like desktop. The screen can be seen only if you see it at 90 degrees. Slight angle change the picture appears blurred or dim. Not good LED backlight. Everything in this laptop including key board is cheap quality.Biggest question why to purchase. Because I lost lost my good one which cost me 50 and above so didn't have much choice. So purchased.Battery is a real zero. So the screen and so the keyboard.
nice performanceease of choosing operating systemfull fledged keyboard, along with numeric keyboarddont waste money on intel, amd is a good processorflipkart only sells original products as they claimprice is decent
http://www.flipkart.com/dell-vostro-15-3000-3558-dv3558c4500d-celeron-dual-core-4-gb-ddr3-500-hdd-ubuntu-notebook/p/itme9yjkkbgqshg8?pid=COME9YJK7VTFRPTN&al=VrcVQ8ks7liLGE%2FBfZyDfcldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEPBWTb33yaDVSw%2FDn4o0mTQodLg6ZW1oW8%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_13&otracker=from-search
Dell Vostro 15 3000 3558 dv3558c4500d Celeron Dual Core - (4 GB DDR3/500 GB HDD/Ubuntu) Notebook
It is a very good laptop with great battery backup.  could have gave 5 Stars but this laptop does not have any mic port, that's why I will rate it 4. But after all it is a very good laptop.
Very good purchase!! Bought this laptop at 20k satisfied with overall performance. ODD drive at this range makes it even better
Brought 3 laptops for marketing team, who only have mailing, data mining, documentation and internet access work, it is managed in Ubantu with open office, gives more faster performance. Got one Mcfee Antivirus for 1 yr lic. Light weight to carry in travelling, good body finish comparing to old models from dell. No power light indicator and carry bag, which is disappointing thing. But its good product for small biz and home use. Good service from flipkart.
I was looking for a very basic laptop for my society daily routine work. Among the price range, I finally selected this model. Speed and looks are decent. However the touchpad is a little irritating. It is not smooth in navigation.
http://www.flipkart.com/hp-14-ac108tu-p3c95pa-acj-core-i3-5th-gen-4-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-windows-10-notebook/p/itmedgfvm7pfnhgf?pid=COMEDGFVC8XWQMJG&al=VrcVQ8ks7liLGE%2FBfZyDfcldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEMhPkdj8oRwpdU02D41oXawhK%2FNWzxIgqM%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_14&otracker=from-search
HP 14-AC108TU P3C95PA#ACJ Core i3 (5th Gen) - (4 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Windows 10) Notebook
My requirement was 13-14 inch screen size (as I wanted it to be portable compared to my old laptop which was 15.6" bit hard to carry around), Budget around 25-30K , Intel processor (pref 5th Gen) and 4-6 GB RAM. I was looking for laptop for home use. Came across this model just by chance, Not much reviews available online. Also there are not many laptop available (13-14") range which fits in budget and requirement listed above (Most of laptops comes with i5 processor which are bit on high cost range). Also there was offers running when I purchased it (1000 On App discount, 2000 off on Credit card + 6000 Off if bought in exchange of old laptop). So net cost of this  product came around 22000. Which was a steal deal.  if your budget is around 30K and can stretch your budge a bit) you can look out for other models as well. So far I have used this product for 2 days, there are pros and cons I can list out. I will update the details probably after using it for couple of seeks.1. No issues with flipkart on delivery front (First attempt was made 2 days before the actual delivery date), There were issue with old laptop (as that was not charging, so had to followup with Flipkart to understand the requirement, finally managed to get the laptop exchanged by replacing the old battery which costed around 1500 :( ). Still within budget. and they delivered product on time.2. Now product is average looking. There is slight noise (fan) when operating (which I think I need to monitor for couple of days). Comes preloaded with Windows 10. which I feel is slight slow compared to windows 7 which I was using earlier. Microsoft Office comes with one month free trial though (which no where mentioned ) anyway no laptop comes pre-loaded office suite anyway. Installation was quite straight forward and easy to follow. Took 15-20 mins for First time setup. After that its been quite fast to boot.3. Configuration is good (which anyway is listed above), Finding this laptop compact (that was one reason to buy a new one).  I will post details after using it or couple of weeks.
Bought this in a deal from Flipkart.So far it seems  satisfactory in usage.Pros:---Compact & handy 14 inch laptop with i3 5th gen and Win 10 at this price is a sure Win-Win.--Battery backup is good(3-4 hours)Cons:---The laptop surely is slow,definitly not functionaing as smooth as an i3 system should.--Sound is very low,with headphones only its satisfactory.-- Facing  issues with catching Wifi frequently.Overall a good  30k deal for normal usage.
this laptop has most of the feature that u need but one should not expect too much out of it. pro:light weight, good battery back up, more storage etccons:not good for watching movies(hangs sometimes, less volume), no backlit keyboard, no touch.NB: i m still exploring
This is very good laptop in this price band. I bought last week and fully satisfied with performance and features.
Good. Display is very good, eye soothing. Cons are- Sound quality and Touchpad. Dolby sound should be installed in this laptop. Volume quality is very poor. Touchpad sometimes not working. Otherwise product is very good. No doubt. Go for it.
This Laptop is very good for everyday use and Windows 10 makes it even better! With the Xbox app in Windows 10 I am now able to stream games from my Xbox One. It is also good for light gaming.This laptop looks flawless and is worth the money spent.
Bought it 10 days back after a deep research on several laptops in the same range..this one looked perfect but there are less pros and more conspros-1.good display2.very handy3.good battery backupcons-1.very slow 2.lags alot3.sound not good.main problem is with the processing speed which is worst in this laptop...i3 5th gen does  not gets reflected in its performance.and on the top of it windows 10 has its own demerits.
Overall laptop is very good,but Windows 10 is not supporting word and many more documents and win 10 will take time, battery backup is awesome.....   Love it.Only annoying when I want to open my ms word document, it's not opening and Ms word failed to download many times...
Good one from HP!!!Pros:1.Very compact n easy to handle2.Win 10 at its best3.Decent processing speed4.good battery backup5.best laptop at this price rangeCons:1.Speaker is bad, as looks like not designed for a laptop2.HP might have missed the scroll function in touchpad as its diffulcult to work w/o an external mouseApart from above pts, its a best product if u compromise on those two!!!
I bought this product in an exchange   discount offer. So I paid Rs 25000 after returning my old laptop. 14 Inch display is handy compared to 15 inch. Not the best display quality, its just average but does my job. Battery is ok, so far so good. Speakers are mediocre but considering the price I paid, I am happy with it. Keyboard is not backlit. For the price you are paying, it is a descent buy, don't keep very high expectations. It will do your job of basic web browsing, multi tasking, few not so heavy gaming. Definitely not for photo or video processing or hardcore gaming.
http://www.flipkart.com/lenovo-ideapad-flex-2-14-59-428487-core-i3-4-gb-ddr3-500-hdd-windows-8-notebook/p/itmdztbqpmcxxmnp?pid=COMDZTBKZG44HZVC&al=VrcVQ8ks7liLGE%2FBfZyDfcldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEOVHz8T9KccPR4c%2FMuKEq7EDmL2V8ho6zs%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_15&otracker=from-search
Lenovo IdeaPad FLEX 2-14 59-428487 Core i3 - (4 GB DDR3/500 GB HDD/Windows 8) Notebook
its touchpad is not working properlyi purchased 2 laptop of same model from WS Retails(Flipkart)but both the laptops shows same problemEven lenovo cant recognise this issuei am very unsatisfied from this modelits the worst deali dont want to purchase this laptop in future...plz dont purchase this model. its the worst model....
I ordered the laptop on Friday night 10.30PM with one day delivery option (Rs. 90) and got it delivered on Saturday morning 10.15AM. Good service from flipkart.Pros:Slim, Lightweight, compact and nice looksIt works as laptop and can work as tablet in stand modeBacklit keyboard (2 level of backlit)Individual buttons for Display Off, Touch pad offNice responsive Touch screen displayWindows 8.1Lenovo backpack was included.I will get a warranty upgrade to 3 yearsCons:Touch pad is not precision touch pad to support Win8 gesturesSometimes Hangs, I hope it will be solved once I install all the pending updates(Around 2GB) of WindowsWeak battery
Bought this laptop's AMD version in hurry as my dell studio got dead First thing this laptop looks only shiny in its pics and description There are severe problems with keyboard as it is flimsy and sometimes it does not gets pressed when you try to push with little pressure. Regarding this problem i have read in others reviews and thought it will not be much of a problem, but i was clearly wrong. Mouse pad is also not good, and i have to buy a wireless mouse. Expect black colored one model instead of the silver shown in images. And the biggest problem is its LAN port, i must say very bad design. Flexible design of the LAN port makes it very easily lose contact and results in connection breakage frequently even with small movement. No serial port for connecting LCD projector. Also hinges looks weak, hoping it will stay intact till i arrange money to buy a new one. Finally thanks to Lenovo it comes pre-installed with lots of software from Lenovo, making laptop slow. Only pro is you can have a touch screen for low cost, which you are hardly going to use believe me. Advice buy some other laptop, or first check this laptop at a store.
THE PRODUCT IS NOT AS GOOD AS SPECIFICATIONS SEEMS...I THINK THEY ARE ASSEMBLING FROM NEHRU PLACE....
Upsides: Reasonably Light-weight, Responsive Touchscreen, Screen Colours are Vibrant, Decent Speakers, Robust Build. Downsides: Wi-Fi Antenna seems to be weak. Loses connection within Home at larger distances (where other Devices are still able to connect). Exhaust Fan exists on bottom surface, which could be problem if used on soft surfaces such as Beds.
I received machine next day I ordered the same under normal delivery mode. The laptop is too good and am satisfied and happy purchasing the same fro WSRetail :)
My machine has arrived on time and is working perfectly...A budget notebook with multi mode touch screen...My recommendations for its purchase for office and medium gaming applications
I am satisfied with the product. touch is responsivefast bootupgood displayvery sleek designOverall I am very happy with the product
Hi,I was looking for a budget laptop with some exquisite features and form-factor. While searching I found that most of the budget laptops nowadays don't have no emphasis on it build and form-factor and just look & feel the same. There is no difference whether it cost Rs.25,000 or Rs.50,000.Finally, I stumbled upon Lenovo IdeaPad Flex 2 14 59-429728 which seemed to be a great buy, atleast on on-paper with its Full HD Touch Screen Display and slim form-factor weighing 1.9Kgs.I owned a Toshiba laptop and was hesitating to replace it with Lenovo IdeaPad Flex 2 14 59-429728 as I suspected how much of a performance difference it will be. But since I don't do gaming and I decided to take a chance which luckily paid-off.- Intel i3 4030U 1.9GHZ 2 Cores- 4GB DDR3 1600 MHz RAM- 500GB Hybrid HDD with 8GB SSD Caching- 14" Full HD 1920x1080 pixels 157 ppi IPS Touch Screen display- Backlit Keyboard- 1 Year Accidental Onsite Warranty (Need to register on lenovoservices.net)- No DVD Drive
value for the money and no complaint with the product. and also product was delivered on scheduled time.
http://www.flipkart.com/dell-inspiron-15-3551-x560139in9-pentium-quad-core-4-gb-ddr3-500-hdd-ubuntu-notebook/p/itme8z5v2rzqfkmc?pid=COME8Z5V2XYY8DT3&al=VrcVQ8ks7li2E3pdw3qefMldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEPZAu927yWYz0qWFBeAokE8%2BlkWKrnToac%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_16&otracker=from-search
Dell Inspiron 15 3551 X560139IN9 Pentium Quad Core - (4 GB DDR3/500 GB HDD/Ubuntu) Notebook
I have purchased this laptop for my wife. Her usage is limited to Microsoft Office and web browsing only. This laptop has only one RAM slot so you cannot avail the benefit of dual channel RAM. I installed a G-Skill 8 GB RAM and it worked fine. I tried installing Samsung 750 Evo and 850 Evo SSD in this laptop but it was not compatible. Windows will copy all files during installation but then fail to boot. There was no such issue with INBUILT 500 gb Toshiba HDD. In everyday use this doesn't feel too slow now. I will try other SSD brands later to see if they work. This laptop comes with Ubuntu 14.04 pre-installed which is a good basic and free OS for casual home usage as people spend most of their time online only these days. However I installed Original Windows 10 home OEM on this laptop as my wife is more familiar with Windows. The lid has a texture due to which laptop will not slip from hands. Build quality is all plastic and this laptop is around 2 kg in weight due to which this will be sturdy when placed on a table. It comes with 2 USB 2.0 ports and 1 USB 3.0 ports and HDMI port. There is no VGA port but that is ok. Hardly anyone uses it now. The charger cable is long enough. Battery lasts around 6 to 7 hrs easily on "balanced" power profile. The screen has a resolution of 1376x768 which means it is not sharp enough. At 1376x768 a 11" or 12" laptop screen is very sharp. Still, the colours are good and for the price, the quality and sharpness is fine. Overall a very good purchase for the price.
I Got this Laptop 10days back, and this was in abusolutly well packed completely sealed box..who wants to planning to buy pls buy this its buddget laptop to the config they have provided,Drawbacks.* No DVD reader or wrighter*Need Bootable USB to install any windows/OS*No ethernet port* No light indication on power button to recognise that the laptop is ON or OFF.*and Mouse track pad feels unconfortable to use bcoz of click button is not separated.Good.* big screen*speed is good after installing windows 8.1* Nice sound Quality*Thin and light weight and easy to carry*Look is good*Last but not least Battery back up is Awesome, one complete charge can watch 2 movies.
Bought this laptop on big billion day for 17990 .Flipkart packaging was good as usual .Its a great budget laptopPros:Good Speed (Powers on and turns Off, pretty damn quick)SlimLight weightGood Battery backupCons:Graphics could have been better (at least Intel HD 4400)I can play 720p,1080p movies smoothly but you have to compromise with picture quality(Of course you cannot get everything in 18k)Windows Installation:you first need to format the Drive to NTFS to be able to install windows (Tutorials available on youtube )Download all the drivers from dell website (The laptop functions properly only after installing all drivers)Good for Regular use , Not very fancy but value for money ,best in this bracket
I love this product , No need to worry about this laptop , i had tested it for the last 1 week and few things i noticed are,Advantages Battery : 7 hours battery Super fast with 4 gb RAMSLIM ( no need to have CD drive )HDMI and Card slot is perfectFront camera performance is average  Disadvantage No VGA portNo CD writer ( Now a days no use )
There is no CD drive, There is no Lan connection. Display problem. totally waste of cost.Not even worth for single star also.Dell Inspiron 3551 Notebook (PQC/ 4GB/ 500GB/ Free DOS) (X560139IN9),
I purchased this laptop for basic office documentation and email work. As of now this seems to be a great configuration at affordable price. As it has been mentioned, it is good for everyday use. Price of 17K sounds reasonable with great battery support.And Ubuntu has been a clean OS, ofcourse you cannot install .exe files but you have a virus free systemFor people cribbing aboutNo VGA, No DVD Writer, No LANWhy did you buy the product in first place? Does Dell / Flipkart Fail to mention these details.
Product is good!worth for below 20kUsefull for small office useSuitable for work likeTallyMs officeand other small software's,*Battery backup is around 5-6 hrs8speed is oka!*Keypad quality is okay!*No CD/DVD drive*3 pendrive slots*Wifi receiver is super good!i ordered from ITGuruFASLP !!!
got delivery super fast , product is good , working is good , ideal for low cost laptops , this product is good for students , professional & good for day for day to working.
Please don't buy this laptopI didn't check the review and bought itAfter i got delivery i surprised that it has no dvd-writer and even ether net port also
Product is awesome no doubt, good battery life and everything, but they sent me an outdated warranty piece.
http://www.flipkart.com/lenovo-g40-45-80e10088in-apu-quad-core-a8-8-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-free-dos-2-graphics-notebook/p/itme87g5xtcveuzp?pid=COME87G5PTTZBV2Y&al=VrcVQ8ks7li2E3pdw3qefMldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEPKVyMcbxsRKzZFrKfgDUvJKqai3DBPbq0%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_17&otracker=from-search
Lenovo G40-45 80E10088IN APU Quad Core A8 - (8 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Free DOS/2 GB Graphics) Notebook
A perfect 14" performance companion!Make sure you are using Windows 8.1, else GPU drivers wont work!Windows 8 wasn't able to detect GPU in my case!Build quality is solid! Better build than any HP, Dell in this price range!Feels heavy for a 14" laptop!As freebie you get a laptop bag!Performance 4/5Gaming 3.5/5Screen Quality 4/5VFM 5/5
Before buying this laptop I read all the reviews on Flipkart and decided not to buy this ..after a bit more research I realized that most of the reviews on flipkart have misleading information .In this review I would like to address all the major complaints and issues listed by people . 1.Screen - All the complaints about the Screen grading issue are true ... its there and you will notice this all the time ..But its not very bad and could be manageable for some people and not manageable for others . I personally think that Lenovo tried to cut down the price of this laptop too much and ended up with some cheap components like CPU and a cheap screen . But the good thing is that the issue is with the screen only and not with the hardware .As I tried using my LG TV as a monitor and the display was perfect , the grading issue was not there on the TV . Personally I think the buyer should decide for themselves if they are happy to settle for a crappy screen and good hardware for a very low priced laptop .For me the screen quality was less important as I mainly have to do programming and needed a fast system at a low price , this one serves the purpose just fine . 2.CPU - This laptop has a AMD APU Quad Core A8 , look for the CPU benchmarks and this performs somewhere between an i3 and i5 .So far I have not run into any problems while using this .It is supposed to work better ( than an i3 ) with video intensive tasks ( video editing and gaming ) , but the CPU+GPU combo was not fast enough while editing videos .Overall this is not the best CPU in the market but should be able to handle day to day activities without much problems .Again I think lenovo tried to cut down the price and used a cheaper CPU . 3.RAM - I read some reviews complaining that it only has 4GB and some complaining that the frequency is only 1000Mhz . That is not true .. it does have 8GB RAM and that too @ 1600 MHz which is very good as most laptops have a slower ram @ 1300 MHz . I have to use VMware to create virtual machines and this fast 8GB ram helps a lot . The 1000mhz and 4GB problem usually happens when you install a 32bit OS on this machine .Install a 64bit OS and you should be fine. 4.GPU - ATI EXO PRO R5 M330 , yes it does have 2GB RAM , if not then install a 64 bit OS and upgrade the graphics drivers from Lenovo's site . Not the fastest or the best GPU in the market .. should be fine for low level of gaming .. Video editing @ 1080p was very slow . 5. Battery - battery backup is Ok ( for now ) . 6. Hard drive - 1TB HDD , real value for money . On a side note I think that the only component that slows this machine down is the 5400RPM HDD ( not a problem with this system , but almost all laptops usually come with a 5400 rpm drive ) , I am planning to replace the HDD with a Samsung 120GB SSD to make this a blazing mast machine ( should boot withing 2-3 secs ) . It does have a DVD R/W which can be removed and the 1TB can be installed in its slot . Drivers are easily available on the lenovo website , the once in the CD are outdated . Overall this is a good deal considering the price of 25k .
This review was written on this very laptop. So don't go by any false reviews by people who have voiced their opinions on this laptop merely by reading about it.This laptop presents excellent value for money, precisely what I was looking for. The configuration is much better than what you would normally get at this price.Its been a couple of days since I've had it delivered by Flipkart. I'm running Windows 8.1 without any issues. Like rightly mentioned by the last reviewer, the build quality is great. Really happy with the purchase.
After Using one weekpros1.price tag 25 k2.ram 8 gigs3.graphics amd 8600gt 2gb dedicated4.amd r5 1gb in built graphics5.face log in Amd support6. Amd gesture controls7.14 inch is portable8. Dolby plus soundUnknown pros1.2 ram slots...one is unused...you can make it to another 8 gb2.one sata internal port is unused...you can install ssd3.3gb of system ram is shared with graphics....so total grahics is 6GB...awwwwwwwwsomeCons1.Does not support Win 82. Win 7 and Xp has limitations3.only 6.96 gb of ram is usable in Win 8.1 pro4.driver installation is far more complicated than assembling a dextop,i contacted flipkart twice and lenovo india once o get rid of graphics driver issuesSorry for confusing old review..Previous review due to bad drivers........dos machines are trickyBeware Its only 1GB of graphics on BoardVery bad FLIPKART. Go to the Control Panel>Appearance and Personalization >Display>Adjust Screen Resolution>Advanced Settings>Adapter It shows 1024 mb dedicated video memory..i.e. 1GB GraphicsAlthough Shared system memory is 3328 mb ..i.e. 3 GB which is shared from the main memory which from 8GB of ram So,LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP
This has a bad screen grading issue which has not been solved yet. Most of them say that Apu was not able to render for the given display causing shading problems
After Using one weekpros1.price tag 25 k2.ram 8 gigs3.graphics amd 8600gt 2gb dedicated4.amd r5 1gb in built graphics5.face log in Amd support6. Amd gesture controls7.14 inch is portable8. Dolby plus soundUnknown pros1.2 ram slots...one is unused...you can make it to another 8 gb2.one sata internal port is unused...you can install ssd3.3gb of system ram is shared with graphics....so total grahics is 6GB...awwwwwwwwsomeCons1.Does not support Win 82. Win 7 and Xp has limitations3.only 6.96 gb of ram is usable in Win 8.1 pro4.driver installation is far more complicated than assembling a dextop,i contacted flipkart twice and lenovo india once o get rid of graphics driver issues
This is my second laptop (I previously owned another Lenovo) and it performed better than the old one at a cheaper rate! I simply love this laptop and writing this review from the very same and more than a month of using. Its great for gaming as I played games like Far Cry 4, Assassin's Creed Unity and Counter Strike Global Offensive in maximum graphical settings possible with no lag. Also I read some reviews which stated that it has a bad screen grading issue or it has only 1GB of graphics. This is not true. I assure you that the display is good enough and it does have 2GB graphics. If you want to check, open the run command (press Windows Key+R) and type in dxdiag. It shows your whole system configuration. Go to the "display" tab and it will show Approx. Total Memory to be 2257MB. So final verdict, you could go for this laptop with your eye closed and I assure you, you will not regret it.
Once I finished with all the initial installations, I wanted to test how this pc performed in gaming (since it says the purpose of use as gaming). (Note, all the games i ran were at the highest possible settings and fps capped at 60) so i installed the following games. 1. World of Warcraft Cataclysm (ran with fps around 55 for the most of the game with minor drops at places with high rendering requirement) 2. World of Warcraft Mists of Pandaria (Ran with fps around 25-30 at all times) 3. Assassins creed 2 (Ran quite well with fps around 35-40) 4. Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition (ran with fps around 45-50 and dropped to around 25-30 at render intensive places) 5. Elder Scrolls 5 Skyrim With all the DLCs including the high res and high texture dlc (ran at around 45 fps) 6. Prototype 2 (ran at around 20-25 fps, but since this game has some issues with running on multiple core cpus ie. it just runs on one core instead of all the cores, there were lag spikes which plummeted my fps to around 0.25 ie. 1 frame in four seconds, hence this game is not recommended for this pc, or any pc with multiple cores, however if you have windows 7 then you can make necessary settings in the task manager to be able to run this game smoothly) 7. League of Legends (Ran at around 55-60 fps, no less) I also ran a few other softwares like photoshop cc 2015. It was just splendid , the rendering time for my images are quite low (however that depends on the image/video you are rendering). Also during the above testing there were no heating issues at all. (Maybe because this is a new laptop but time will tell about that). Now, about the build quality and overall aesthetics. The thickness is around one inch which makes it look quite slim. The weight also compliments this. The keyboard is well protected and hence is very easy to clean. The Bessels around the display look ok and are around half an inch thick. The entire feel of the laptop, although not premium, feels good (but that's just me) The display is also ok, the colour reproduction (looks good), the viewing angles (Are quite wide). However that, too is subjective. Overall Verdict:This laptop is good for casual gamers (like me), good for people who are at a tight budget (Because none of the other laptops at this price range offer this kind of configurations, Not even this laptop in the lenovo website, meaning this is customized). If you are a competitive gamer (not pro) Then this would help you out, however is you fall in the pro section (People who earn money playing games, streaming and recording them) Then this laptop wouldn't satisfy you, and my suggestion to you would be to buy yourself a custom made rig with an even better processor and graphics card. Now if you want to do video editing/photo editing, this would satisfy you, but only to an extent as it would face hiccups when needed to render full hd contents. Forget 4k rendering at this rig. (Note rendering doesn't mean playing the video, it means to work with the video ie edit it and let the pc make the necessary changes). If you fall in the general use category (office works like word, exel etc or blogger etc. of that sorts) then there is no other laptop at this price range better than this laptop, it will satisfy all your needs very nicely. Now if you like vlogging then it would also work great (unless you touch full-hd, 2k, 4k and 3d content).
I would say ,if budget is low ,then go for it .Awesome product.2GB dedicated Gpu(some users have mentioned its 1 gb ,but not really.Actually built in processor graphics is 1 GB)7 gb ram usable out of 8 GB930 Gb storage out of 1TB.Running windows 7 .No Problem at all.users have to download the drivers from Lenovo Website .Its bit of headache.Drivers are available for windows 7,8,8.1 and 10.No heating Issue for normal usage .I dont do gaming.Sleek body .The keyboard sud have been better .No numeric keys.The processor design is KABINI not BEEMA.its required while downloading the drivers.The screen quality is manageable ,could have been better .Total ram slots are 2 .One is used. Overall its a nice product.
I bought this laptop mainly for gaming...i have been using it since last month and it has done me great service..lenovo well done i played DmC on ultra graphics although it is well optimized i would like to recommend this to all the game lovers who are tight on budget.!!!
http://www.flipkart.com/acer-aspire-e-e5-573g-389u-nx-mvmsi-036-core-i3-5th-gen-8-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-windows-10-2-graphics-notebook/p/itmeck24uz59c8m6?pid=COMECK24KZW4GZWG&al=VrcVQ8ks7li2E3pdw3qefMldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEOmkGzEuHsI6aTkUnwJVmijLoX1DXNTnbY%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_18&otracker=from-search
Acer Aspire E E5-573G-389U NX.MVMSI.036 Core i3 (5th Gen) - (8 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Windows 10/2 GB Graphics) Notebook
pros :1. good keyboard and touchpad2. great ventilation for all hardware gpu & cpu dont even go above 50 C at heavy load like playing fallout 43. good graphic card 920m has a potential of overclocking since ventilation is good although do it at your own risk (better do it after warranty period is over) 4. have played games like gta v , fallout 4 ,farcry 4 , tomb raider , call of duty advanced warfare , mad max , battlefield 4, watch dogs , project cars... etc at high or at least medium setting gives from 25 to 30 fps in almost all games i have played5. screen is decent  has a resolution of 1366*7686. 8gb ram expandable to 16gb 7. worth every penny cheapest laptop for these specscons:1. speakers are not so good . 2. processor i3 is decent but an i5 would have been better .
I have played Lot of Games like Fifa 16,GTA 5 etc.Works Superb.Graphics Quality is Good.8 GB ram and i3 processor gives brilliant performence...I recommend to Buy for Heavy Gamers
Booked the product on 20th, got it delivered on the same day.Good job e-kart keep it up.The product's built is not very tough.Overall performance is good though.Good value for money, exactly as I expected.
I got it a few days back, working perfectly.......=)Such a low price for such a good product...........loving it
useful for developers,programmers,gaming,general use,entertainmentbest in all the specefications!!good sound,good hd display,awesome performance,pretty speed!!!!!!!!!
Awesome product with good configuration.Very thin body with less heating effect. If processor will be Intel i5 instead of i3 then its far better.
LAPTOP is good at the best price. Wow to flipkart service. But Window 10 is too slow while copying data and transferring even  internally. Window 7 was better and user friendly.
I got it 2 days ago .. nice laptop with good look .. overall its good
http://www.flipkart.com/asus-a555la-xx2064d-series-xx2064d-90nb0652-m32310-core-i3-5th-gen-4-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-free-dos-notebook/p/itmedk2bj7uejzgj?pid=COMEDK2BBRUQEQFU&al=VrcVQ8ks7li2E3pdw3qefMldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcEOTIbg7sO%2F6SHne6XNUa54q%2FRNPPHuiGAU%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_19&otracker=from-search
Asus A555LA-XX2064D A Series XX2064D 90NB0652-M32310 Core i3 (5th Gen) - (4 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Free DOS) Notebook
Amazing laptop, pretty fast boots in 4-5 secs works fine after installing windows 10 runs games like Nfs rival, Assassins creed syndicate flawlessly.Nice finish , go for it if you are looking for a budget laptop under 30K, for better performance u can later add a 8 Gb ram in the second empty slot.
i buy this laptop from flipkart ..i got it on 8 jan 2016...after using it more than 2 weeks i am writing this review...guys,don't think blindly go for it..it is very fast and battery backup is also good...i am very happy with this product..thanks ASUS for making masterpiece like this..best value for money laptop under 30k..and don't buy pentium or celeron quad core cheap laptops..core i3 ia much much better than  those cpu..thanks..
this laptop processor and hardware architecture is 64bit so you will get in trouble to install its drivers as it does not have windows 7 compatible drivers online on ASUS website neither they provide you any driver CD. However i got windows 8.1 driver CD with laptop so at last i had to install windows 8.1 only on my system.After installing that i have not found any issues. so far running smooth.System make is a little fragile. since it has core i3 5010u which is very efficient processor use very less power so it remains cool. Batter backup is not so gud. windows 7 32/64 does not work on the system/compatibility issues. Install only win 8.1 64 bit.
Amazing laptop, pretty fast boots in 4-5 secs works fine after installing windows 10 runs games like Nfs rival, Assassins creed syndicate flawlessly.Nice finish , go for it if you are looking for a budget laptop under 30K, for better performance u can later add a 8 Gb ram in the second empty slot.
This is best in class laptop with Macbook like single rod  hinges and large touchpad gives it a sturdy body, Played Fifa 15 seamlessly on the on board graphics, Never heats up even after full day use far better HP in this range, this doesn't have drivers for win7 so you will have to go for windows 10, the only con is the battery life its not in par and the ppi which is understood for its price
it a very good product from Asus . i bought it for Rs.25300 from flip kart.perfomance wise it is very good.
I purchased this laptop 1 month back, till now my experience was great. Everything is fine from the looks to performance, everything.
It is very good product in this price and 2 year warranty. There is no over heating problem. It heats very low.
I have been using this laptop since the last 10 days and I must say that this is one of the best laptops in this price range. This is my first ASUS laptop and was thrilled to try my hands on it. Feels quite good, no issues so far. Running Windows 8.1 Pro on this as Windows 7 drivers are not available on the website. Though I received the drivers CD of Windows 10 with this, but I didn't install windows 10 at the moment.Pros:1. Great design2. Always remains cool. No overheating even after playing Asphalt for hours and rendering audio files after mixing.3. Core i3 5th Gen (which is quite efficient)4. 2 years warranty5. Decent battery backupCons:Non user removable battery
Haven't bought this from flipkart. Got it for 30k. Talking about the overall experience after a week, I must say unbiased that this the best entry level laptop one can buy for daily task. TouchPad with smart gestures will totally keep u away from using an USB mouse.Only astonishing thing is the webcam is VGA, but at this price and looking at other specs,  it's all good.Device will keep good going for long unless you do relatively heavy gaming which will affect the battery life on long time. ASUS claims upto 800 battery cycles, which seems far more than the competitors.
http://www.flipkart.com/hp-15-ac152tx-p6l87pa-acj-intel-core-i5-6th-gen-8-gb-ddr3-1-tb-hdd-free-dos-2-graphics-notebook/p/itmeeffdjaxwvdjz?pid=COMEEFFDM4YTFUSH&al=VrcVQ8ks7li2E3pdw3qefMldugMWZuE75aUsiwTbcENKPVBr2Jwv1gApMSp9G%2FB%2BhM7ZG4%2F2SDo%3D&ref=L%3A-8293790811367717538&srno=p_20&otracker=from-search
HP 15-AC152TX P6L87PA#ACJ Intel Core i5 (6th Gen) - (8 GB DDR3/1 TB HDD/Free DOS/2 GB Graphics) Notebook
I had purchased this laptop on 11th Jan and Flipkart has delivered it just less than 24 hrs. So I am pretty much happy with this delivery. Thanks alot FlipkrtLaptop seems to be superb. I like their build Quality and overall finishing. Here I am adding some points of it.Pros :1- Superb finishing. 2- Light Weight (Around 2 kg)3- Silver Color With Diamond & Cross Brush Pattern (due to this no finger print occurs)4- installed windows 10 with no issues. Detected WIFI Automatically. I think its a default feature of windows. Yeah WiFI range is showing low (only 2-3 signals) so by installing Drivers it will solve all the problems.5 - Battery Back up lasted for around 4-5 hrs on average use6 - Great Processing speed. as it has 6th Gen Core i57 - Display screen has Glossy finishCons :1- Up/Down Arrow buttons are very small but its adjustable2- They have mentioned 2 Memory slots for RAM and laptop comes with the 8 GB of RAM. Also they mentioned that expandable upto 8 GB. So I think we cannot extend it upto 16 GB. We need to check itAlso in the HP site they have not mentioned that it has 2 GB Gfx card but I can confirm that it has 2 GB AMD Radeon Gfx card as its mentioned in the Specification.Overall it seems to be the great laptops at the great price. People who are looking for a performance can simply go ahead for this. Not so stylish but the simplest one.
Flipkart service is good and received it in 4 days of ordering. The laptop comes with DOS. I had struggle installing Win 7(both 32 and 64 bit) and none of the drivers(downloaded from HP site) were getting installed. Finally walked into customer service centre and learned two things which HPphone tech support guys failed to help.1) This laptop supports Win8 and above, win7 is not supported. Hence drivers were not getting installed.2) It has TWO memory slots..thats right its two slots. Even i thought its 1 slot initially but the HP support guy used his admin credentials and showed the number of slots on my machine..... it was a delight for me :)Now coming to Pros and Cons,Pros:1)  Light weight, good price for the Sixth gen i5 processor + 8GB RAM.2) Graphics card + 1TB drive3) Speakers are good.Cons:1) Battery life is poor, can be better.2) The display 1366x768 looks bigger compromise than i thought. Not exactly a con3) The Up and Down buttons and Function buttons are way too small.... i dont understand what HP achieved by keeping such small buttons!! 4) Keyboard is not backlit.Finally installed Win8.1 and the same set of drivers got installed perfectly. Put your questions here i shall try to help fellow guys.
from the first day of use grinding sound is coming. it is annoying.Specs are great. And everything else is great
the wifi card is rtl8723be has some issues with ubuntu, the connectivity drops, it can be fixed by just a sequence of commands. But buying ta new laptop should be coming with the satisfaction of every thing functioning flawlessly
1.There is a noise in this laptop comes from hard disc.2.window 7 is not supported in this laptop.3.for this product hp site do not have drivers for window 8 and 8.1.4.In window 10 it has all software problems  a. power driver state failure b.it is not able to install all necessary software like MS office, solidworks,autocad,and all games.5. arrow keys in this laptop is very small. useless.6.any other problems also there. but ultimately purchasing this laptop means wastage of 43,000/-. MY RATING IS -2.5/10
the laptop is having a good spec but I got the laptop twice which have defective hard disk . there is a grinding sound from the hard disk during working . I thk build quality is vey poor
The hard drive in laptop makes grinding sound when the laptop loads file manager and the sound is audible and it is very loud.
Good Product.Install Win 10 64 bit.It will rum amazing fast.This Config at this cost is amazing. Download HP assistant it will guide downloading all the required drivers.This config from retail stores is going to cost not less than 50 k.I researched it a lot.The retail stores also does not have this specific Model with them.WS Retail is superb.Fast delivery, Good packingGood work flipkart
Superb finishing, Build Quality is excellent and if we are talking about Features and performance then only have to say Incredible machine in this price range. Go for it blindly.
Has placed the order for this laptop what to know if it heat up during gaming and does silver colour look goodReceive it today looks really nice silver is great no marks of fingerprints comfortable keypad  just the arrow key are smallGood packingI have install window 7 but it do not support it So I have to install window 10 it worked perfectly
